Su Nie
It's been over a year
Why did you suddenly take the initiative to contact me?
Let's get married.
Why did you choose me?
My mom likes you better
And your family is very scholarly.
You have a good family style and a docile personality
It's easy to get along with
Suitable for marriage
You'd better find someone else
Which sentence is wrong?
How are you doing?
I'm doing well, better than ever
What's your business?
husband
I'm going to the cast tomorrow
How did you learn to cut first and then play
No, I don't agree.
No
I can't tell you to go, can't you hear me? Get out
Someone else's golden silk is always on call
This is to learn to film and work besides going to bed
lazier than me
No, I can't.
If you go filming
Then don't I go home alone every day?
Are you not weaned yet?
Just talk
Who are you scolding?
I'll just go for a few days and I won't stop
Oh, you said it earlier
What scene are you going to test this time?
I can invest in you and add some drama
Hello
Can't sleep
Push me for what?
I'm going to push it again.